Apply suggestions for release notes from JMS55 (#2239)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2025-09-24-bevy-0.17/index.md

### How it works

> Our current implementation uses rayraced dissue direct and indirect lighting (also known as global illuminance), which are sampled via ReSTIR variants and uses a world-space irradiance cache to improve quality.

Reviewer: > rayraced dissue

This doesn't sound like a thing to me!

Author: I have no idea what went wrong there 😅 Do review this bit carefully though: I'm in over my head even trying to summarize.

> Our current implementation uses rayraced dissue direct and indirect lighting (also known as global illuminance), which are sampled via ReSTIR variants and uses a world-space irradiance cache to improve quality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our current implementation uses RAYTRACED direct and indirect lighting (also known as global illuminance), which are sampled via ReSTIR DI/GI and uses a world-space irradiance cache to improve GI quality.
```

Like all raytracing techniques, this produces results that are too noisy for realtime applications.

> To resolve this, you need to add a denoising step, which is currently handled via DLSS Ray Reconstruction, although we'd be happy to add support for alternate methods as well in the future.

Reviewer 2: Idk if we want to commit to alternate denoisers. Like yes it's something I want, particularly FSR's DLSS-RR equivilant when they release it, but it's not something I'm activley looking at.

Author: I tried to frame this as "please, feel free to PR this!" not "we're going to do this". Open to other wording suggestions though!
